("Be Yourself" by Audioslave)
♪ Someone falls to pieces
sleeping all alone ♪
♪ Someone kills the pain ♪
♪ Spinning in the silence ♪
♪ She finally drifts away ♪
♪ Someone gets excited in a chapel yard ♪
♪ And catches a bouquet ♪
♪ Another lays a dozen ♪
♪ White roses on a grave ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And to be yourself is
all that you can do ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ To be yourself is all that you can do ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Someone finds salvation in everyone ♪
♪ Another only pain ♪
♪ Someone tries to hide himself ♪
♪ Down inside himself he prays ♪
♪ Someone swears his true
love until the end of time ♪
♪ Another runs away ♪
♪ Separate or united, healthy or insane ♪
♪ To be yourself is all that you can do ♪
♪ All that you can do, oh ♪
♪ All that you can do, hey ♪
♪ To be yourself is all that you can do ♪
♪ And even when you've paid enough ♪
♪ Been pulled apart or been held up ♪
♪ Every single memory of the good or bad ♪
♪ Faces of love ♪
♪ Don't lose any sleep tonight ♪
♪ I'm sure everything
will end up alright ♪
♪ You may win or lose ♪
♪ But to be yourself is
all that you can do ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ To be yourself is all that you can do ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ All that you can do, hey ♪
♪ To be yourself is all that you can do ♪
♪ All that you can do ♪
♪ To be yourself is all that you can ♪
♪ Be yourself is all that you can do ♪